# Basics

#### SPDX license

**software package data exchange**

Trust in smart contract can be better established if their source code is available. Since making source code available always touches on legal problems with regards to copyright, the Solidity compiler encourages the use of machine-readable [SPDX license identifiers](https://spdx.org/). Every source file should start with a comment indicating its license:

Add the line `// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT`

If you do not want to specify a or if the source code is not open-source, please use the special value `UNLICENSED`

### Pragma

The `pragma` keyword is used to enable certain compiler features or checks. A pragma directive is always local to a source file, so you have to add the pragma to all your files if you want enable it in your whole project. If you [import](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.1/layout-of-source-files.html#import) another file, the pragma from that file does *not* automatically apply to the importing file.

#### Version Pragma

Source files can (and should) be annotated with a version pragma to reject compilation with future compiler versions that might introduce incompatible changes. We try to keep these to an absolute minimum and introduce them in a way that changes in semantics also require changes in the syntax, but this is not always possible. Because of this, it is always a good idea to read through the changelog at least for releases that contain breaking changes. These releases always have versions of the form `0.x.0` or `x.0.0`.

### ABI Coder Pragma

The standard ABI coder does not allow arrays of dynamic types, structs or nested variables between the Solidity contract and the dApp.

The ABI v2 coder; which allows structs, nested and dynamic variables to be passed into functions, returned from functions and emitted by events.

By using `pragma abicoder v1` or `pragma abicoder v2` you can select between the two implementations of the ABI encoder and decoder.

The new ABI coder (v2) is able to encode and decode arbitrarily nested arrays and structs. It might produce less optimal code and has not received as much testing as the old encoder, but is considered non-experimental as of Solidity 0.6.0. You still have to explicitly activate it using `pragma abicoder v2;`. Since it will be activated by default starting from Solidity 0.8.0, there is the option to select the old coder using `pragma abicoder v1;`

### Importing other Source Files

Solidity supports import statements to help modularise your code that are similar to those available in JavaScript (from ES6 on). However, Solidity does not support the concept of a [default export](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/javascript/reference/statements/export#Description).

At a global level, you can use import statements of the following form:

```solidity
import "filename";
import * as symbolName from "filename";
import "filename" as symbolName;
import {symbol1 as alias, symbol2} from "filename";
```

### Comments

Single-line comments (`//`) and multi-line comments (`/*...*/`) are possible.

```
// This is a single-line comment.

/*
This is a
multi-line comment.
*/
```